Document salt-ssh logs at the client cfg guide, troubleshooting section (#1079)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/tshoot-clients.adoc

You can now import the new certificates to the {productname} Server, using the instructions in xref:client-configuration:clients-rh-cdn.adoc[].

== Registration from {webui} fails and does not show any errors

> For the initial registration from {webui}, all salt minions are initially using Salt SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the initial registration from the {webui}, all Salt clients are using Salt SSH.
```

> Because of its nature, Salt SSH minions do not report errors back to the Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of its nature, Salt SSH clients do not report errors back to the server.
```

> However the Salt SSH minions have a log available at `/var/log/salt-ssh.log` that can be inspected for errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the Salt SSH clients store a log locally at [path]``/var/log/salt-ssh.log`` that can be inspected for errors.
```
